## A Happy Discovery

* 使。。想起，提醒
  * remind somebody of
  * remind somebody to do/about
  * Can you remind me about the appointment
* 小心地
  * gently = carefully
* 除了
  * Apart from = except for
* 不情愿做
  * be bothered to do = be unwilling to make the effort to do
* 仅仅
  * a mere = only
* 得到回报
  * be amply rewarded
  * amply = more than enough
* 珍惜
  * cherish memory/dream
* 决心做
  * bent on = determined to
  * She's bent on getting married as soon as possible
* 识别，认出
  * recognize
  * I didn't recognize his voice on the phone.
* 首要的是
  * and above all
  * He is hardworking, easygoing and above all intelligent
* 寻找便宜货的人	
  * a bargain hunter
  * seeker = collector = hunter
  * a souvenir/ house/ job/ autograph hunter
* 专心致志的
  * truly dedicated = truly devoted
  * really = truly
* 偶然的
  * by chance = by accident
* 摊在地上
  * litter = scatter
  * Bottles and cans littered the stadium.
* 各式各样的
  * assorted
  * A box of assorted cookies
* 稀有品种
  * rarity = rare object
* 没有可能
  * there is no hope
  * There is no hope that we would arrive on time
* 装腔作势的
  * pretentious = showy
  * It was pretentious of him to insist on being called 'sir'
* 鼓起
  * muster up = summon up courage/ support/ strength
  * The team is trying to muster up all the support they can get to win the game
* 友好的
  * inviting
  * Their apartment was a cheerful and inviting place.
* 令人望而却步的
  * forbidding = frightening = unfriendly
  * The secretary always wears a forbidding look.
* 免于
  * free from = without
  * He is free from the thousands of anxieties.
  * We need a room free from dust.
* 魅力
  * fascination = charm = attraction
  * Tibet holds a great fascination for tourists.
* 古怪的、独有的
  * peculiar
  * He deals with things with his own peculiar way.
* 施加
  * exert = have
  * Advertising exerts a subtle influence on us. 