## A Chance in a Million

* 安顿
  * settle down
* 使某人想起
  * occur to somebody
  * it has never occurred to her that her parents might be worried
* 放生了什么
  * what has become of = what has happend
  * What became of him after he left home.
* 为什么
  * how come = how it was
  * How is that you don't know
* 不用说
  * needless to say
* 熟悉
  * be fully acquainted with something/someone
  * My secretary is acquainted with all the details of the program
* 指出/提醒
  * point out
  * He pointed out that the information could be wrong
* 鄙视
  * pour scorn on = show contempt = despise
* 很像
  * close resemblance between/to
  * He bears a resemblance to his brother.
* 评论
  * comment on/that
  * Please don't comment on my new haircut
  * He just commented that people were getting married later nowadays. 
* 难以置信，了不起
  * incredible
* 天真的
  * naive: innocent childish
* 等等
  * and so on = and so forth = and so on and so forth
* 倒台，毁灭
  * downfall
  * The downfall of a person
* 导致
  * bring about
  * Computer have brought about many changes in our life.
* 密谋
  * plot/comprise
  * They are plotting to take over the company
  * The bad weather and the traffic jam conspired to ruin their day out
* 邪恶的
  * wickedly
* 假设 为真
  * presume
  * You are presumed innocent until you are proved guilty
  * I presume them to be friends.
  * I presume that they were friends.
* 无名的,不知名的
  * obscure
  * obscure painter/town
* 乐意
  * happily: willingly, readily
  * I happily offer to help if he asks.
* 不太可能
  * improbable(有点可能)
  * impossible(完全不可能)
  * It was improbable that he will say no, but not impossible.
* 非常
  * wildly
  * wildly inaccurate/ expensive
* 得出结论
  * draw/come to/ reach any conclusion
* 轻信的
  * credulous
  * You are credulous to believe even half of what they promised
* 很小的可能性
  * a slight possibility