## The Westhaven Express

* 官方停止
  * suspend
  * Publication of this newspaper has been suspended
* 引导
  * conduct
  * The waiter conducted him to his table
* 白纸黑字，简单的
  * black and white
  * an old black and white TV
  * Some people tend to see things in black and white
* 一丝
  * a note of
  * There is a note of jealousy in his voice.
  * Her voice had an angry note
* 他的一份
  * copy
  * Has everybody got a copy of agenda
* 否认
  * deny = refuse to admit
  * deny doing
* 投诉
  * lodge a complaint / protest / appeal
* 忽然意识到
  * dawn on
  * It finally dawned on him that his parents had been right.
* 耽误
  * hold up
  * Sorry to be late we were held up by traffic.
* 强调
  * mighty
  * It's mighty good to see you
* 我也不吃惊
  * Neither was I surprised
* 利用
  * take advantage of
  * You should take full advantage of the library service.
* 反应过来，反射，反思
  * reflect
  * The moon reflects the sun's ray.
  * His letter reflects how really he feels
  * He reflected that this might be the last time for him to see her. 
* 使人觉得
  * strike somebody as 
  * Doesn't it strike you as strange that he never talks about his family
  * His jokes didn't strike me as funny
* 直接地
  * direct
  * Can we fly direct to New York or do we have to stop in LA first.(layover)
  * Can I dial the number direct
* 注意到
  * note
  * Suddenly, he noted that it had already stopped raining
* 咨询顾问，参考消息
  * consult
  * consult a doctor/ a friend
  * consult a dictionary / a map
* 可能
  * likely
  * Please remind me for I am likely to forget
  * It's likely that we will not be here next year.
* 真相是
  * The truth is that
  * The truth is that after the reform nothing has changed
* 谴责
  * blame
  * This is no one to blame but yourself
* 太过
  * all too
  * It's all too much for me to bear
  * The holiday passed by all too quickly
* 打乱
  * dislocate
  * The traffic is dislocated by the construction
* 非常，超乎寻常
  * exceptionally
  * an exceptionally talented young man
* 信念，相信
  * faith in
  * His faith in God
  * I have great faith in you.
  * She said she had no faith in modern technology
* 形成
  * develop = form
  * After living on her own for years, she developed some very strange habits.
* 潜移默化的过程
  * conditioning
  * Conditioning starts as soon as boys are given guns to play with and girls are given dolls.