## The First Calendar

* 伴随
  * accompany
  * I accompany my mother to the station
  * The course book is accompanied by two cassettes.
* 最接近
  * as near as
* 明确的, 显著的
  * definite
  * The date for the meeting is still not definite
  * There has been a definite improvement in your English.
* 原始的, 破旧
  * primitive
  * The primitive man
  * Condition at some school are still primitive
* 月亮圆缺
  * the phase of moon
* 时间流逝
  * the passage of time/days
  * The memory will fade with the passage of time.
* 联系并比照
  * correlate = connect
  * Stress level and hear disease are strongly correlated
* 出现，到来
  * the advent of
  * the advent of steamships
* 阐明
  * shed light on  = illustrate
  * We are hopping that his arrival will shed some light on the mystery.
* 表面上看起来
  * seemingly
  * a seemingly easy question
* 不足的
  * scanty
  * a scanty lunch
  * His decision was based on scanty information.
* 推理
  * deduce  from = reason from
  * I deduced that she was married by the ring on her finger.
* 面对
  * face = confront
  * You have to face the fact that she has left you.
* 面临
  * be faced with
  * He was faced with the biggest challenge of his career
* 遥远的
  * distant
  * a distant country
  * in the not too distant future
* 重建
  * reconstruct
* 某种程度上,可以说
  * to some degree = so to speak =  as it were
* 令人困惑的
  * bewildering = puzzling
  * She found a bewildering range of skin care products in the shop.
* 只
  * solely = only
  * I will hold you solely responsible if anything goes wrong.
* 积累
  * accumulate = collect
  * As people accumulate more wealth, they tend to spend more as well.
  * Dust began to accumulate in the room.
* 大量的
  * a great mass of
  * a huge mass of data
  * a mass of people
* 独一无二的，特别的
  * unique
  * Each person's fingerprints are unique
  * This is a unique opportunity